Well, I explain my suggestion in detail, recently I am going to create some US and Europe accounts on Upwork to grow my outsourcing development.
Because if I have that account, I can be hired with higher rates, and am easier to get projects than Chinese.
If you help me to create an account, I will pay 10% to earn money every month.(I can earn over $5k per month )
( If you cannot create an account, you can introduce your friends to me. If you help me, I will pay you 50$ per person)
If you agree, We will need to create an Upwork's Account with only your real information.
You should create it with me because I have to add my skill.
And you should use your real info because Upwork conduct video interview to verify your account.

And then, I need to work on Upwork on your local PC via remote access.
(The reason is that even I create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. After all, it will be banned by Upwork. Of course, if you give me access to your local via remote, I am sure that I’ll never need any data from local and steal your data in any case.)

As this is a long-term contract, I will try to build a good relationship with you and will never do any illegal activities.

Thank you for your interest!


----------------------------- No upfront

Hello,

I am a developer with approximately 5 years of experience, specializing in delivering high-quality work across various projects.

I began my journey as a freelancer and have built a successful career, with an estimated monthly income ranging between $4,000 and $6,000. I am open to sharing 20% of my income per month as part of our collaboration.

That said, I want to be transparent—it takes time to establish and grow an account, so immediate results may not always be possible. However, I excel at securing projects and jobs on platforms like Upwork.com and Freelancer.com and am committed to a long-term partnership.

My priority is to ensure the satisfaction of both my clients and my partners.

Here are my contact details for further discussion: