I don’t create accounts myself. I create it with the person who will rent this account. I share this so that you enter your own direction of work and your skills, so that in the future this does not change on the account.
I have people I can create accounts with.
I have been handing over accounts since December 2022. for this, I rented an office where laptops are located, each laptop has its own IP so that upwork does not block accounts. people on whom I create accounts come to my office for verification when it is required by the upwork. we also use the bank card of the person on whom the account was created for the purchase of connections.
working with me you will get unlimited access to a laptop, upwork, mail and payoneer (everything will be registered for one person).
Further, as for the upwork work itself, neither I nor the people on whom the accounts are created will communicate with your customers. if you take a job, be prepared for the fact that you will have all communication without my intervention.
i am in ukraine, all the people on whom i create accounts are also from ukraine. so you have to be careful when choosing a job. because if you take a job from a Ukrainian customer, I’m almost sure that he will want to communicate in Ukrainian. I think you don’t know this language. so you need to be careful when choosing a job.
more about paying for an account.
first month 150$
second 150$
starting from the third and all following months $150.
Now about the payment for the account.
I work according to the principle “First you pay, then you work”. This applies to both the first month and all subsequent ones. this condition of cooperation is unchanged.
I used to agree to pay for an account after a month of use. but the people who rented accounts from me were not entirely honest with me. they violated upwork rules, quarreled with clients and did other not good actions.
I bought a laptop with my own money, connected it to the Internet for my own money, and also paid money to the people on whom I created accounts with my own money. the account was either blocked or this person refused the account. As a result, I lost my personal funds. I don’t want this practice anymore. By the way, I pay people who created accounts for as long as the account exists.
so now for the payment for the first month I buy a laptop, connect it to the internet. 17 people are currently renting accounts from me. some have more than one account. they bring their friends who know that I’m a verified person and really provide accounts, and we quickly find a common language.
What kind of support do I provide? 
- creation of mail / payoneer 
- full verification of payoneer (if desired, we can immediately open a payoneer card) 
- I control that the laptop is constantly available 
- passing verification for upwork  
- if you wish, we will provide telegrams, whatsapp, discord for free all services are registered for one person and one phone number Each person has their own phone number.