Hi!. 
I am interested in working for you and your company.
I have 5 years of experience with full stack development and 2 years of web3/blockchain dApp development, as working in web application development and web API service development.
I worked as CTO in the Webdragon agency, and good at project planning, requirement specification, project design and scheduling, Agile and Scrum development, Data structuring and infrastructure.
At past days, I worked with startup projects from the scratch, and help founders to have the right developing direction, timeline and budget.
I am good at Backend and Frontend with 5 years of experience , so that I can demonstrate my skills and experience in
- PHP/NodeJS, React/Vue/Angular, AWS EC2/EBS/Lamda/S3 Bucket/ RDBMS, MongoDB/MyQL, Git Hub, Jira/Trello, DJango/Python
- Solidity, Ethereum, Defi staking, NFT minting/MarketPlace, HardHat, Truffle, MetaMask, IPFS, Moralis, Rust/Anchor
My hourly rate is $40 an hour but If you work with startup-company currently, I can support you in cheaper budget than estimation because I want to get long term relationship.
I can start immediately and work in 40+ hrs a week.
If you are in urgent case, I can put together my team to finish out your issues.
I hope that my past experience, honest and responsibility will be helpful for my clients.

Hi!
I am a senior full stack developer with a vast array of knowledge in many different front-end and back-end languages and databases.
I worked as a full stack developer and experienced all stages of the development cycle for variant types of web services and projects.
My objective is simply to be the best web developer I can be and to contribute to the technology industry all that I know and can do.
I am dedicated to perfecting my craft by learning from seasoned developers. I studied Engineering, and I believe that my understanding of working as a team are skills that will contribute to my overall success as a developer.
From my expertise experience, I can provide the perfect solutions and creative ideas.
If you are currently in need of a new developer for your team, want to bring up a new startup, or need a freelancer feel free to send me a message.
I would be more than happy to discuss how I can help you achieve your goals!
Please DM me if you need a developer.
Thank you so much








Hi,
I hope everything is good,
I am a Senior PHP developer and my contract runs out.
For now I am open  to work and looking forward to new opportunities.
Please DM me if you need a developer for a new role.
Thank you so much

Hi!
Looking for a top-notch full-stack developer with 6 years of experience?
Look no further than me :blush: ! With my commitment to simultaneous speed and quality, accurate time management, and unwavering sincerity, I am the ideal choice for your next project.
If you are currently in need of a new developer for your team, want to bring up a new startup, or need a freelancer, please check my website at https://dennis-stephens.vercel.app and feel free to send me a message. 
I would be more than happy to discuss how I can help you achieve your goals!

Hi!
I am a senior full stack developer with a vast array of knowledge in many different front-end and back-end languages and databases.
I worked as a full stack developer and experienced in all stage of the development cycle for variant types of web services and projects. 
My objective is simply to be the best web developer I can be and to contribute to the technology industry all that I know and can do.
I am dedicated to perfecting my craft by learning from seasoned developers. I studied Engineer, and I believe that my understanding of working as a team are skills that will contribute to my overall success as a developer.
From my expertise experience, I can provide the perfect solutions and creative ideas.

Hello Good morning , 
I hope you are doing great.
Just finished reading the brief details of your job and currently going through attached files . 
I see you have been looking for a freelancer who has experience with PHP, HTML5, JavaScript, ActionScript and Adobe Flash. Upon the first look I feel confident about getting it done because of having experience doing similar jobs

My Experience?

I have 9 years of experience working with those technologies. Its been 8 years since I have been working on freelancer.com, Please review my profile. Check: Skills, Portfolio, Customer Feedbacks.

Why Choose Me?

1. I have done more than 250 major projects only on freelancer.com.
2. I have not received a single bad feedback since last 5-6 years.
3. You will find 5 star feedback on last 100+ major projects which shows my clients are happy with my work.

Portfolio: https://www.freelancer.com/u/AwaisChaudhry

Timings: 9am - 9pm Eastern US Time

I would like you to start the chat so we could discuss it in detail and we will continue from there. Thanks! Awais