✨ Front End Development
- Have some experience in UI/UX Design using Adobe XD, Figma, Sketch, Adobe Photoshop.
- Very good experience in developing frontend using React including several projects like e-commerce, financial, education, customer management, real estate, Blockchain area.
- Professional Next.js developer having 4 years of experience with T3 stack, GraphQL, Planet Scale, Hygraph, NextAuth, Stripe integration and so on.
- Rapid growing Vue.js developer having Vue3, Vuex, Vuetify, Nuxt.js and Quasar framework.
- React animation expert, some knowledge of three.js, chart implemention using D3.js and several chart libraries...

✨ Back End Development
- Professional in Node.js especially Express and Nest.js, familiar with Restful API and GraphQL, integrated several third party API like Calendly API, Zoom SDK, Coinbase API, Slack Volt API, SOAP API, Swell API and so on.
- Laravel Expert having modern technology like Laravel Mix, Laracast, Livewire, Laravel Nova, Inertia and so on.
- Some experience in Python and Fast API, NumPy, Pandas, and SciPy.

✨ Blockchain Area
- Cryptocurrency & Altcoin creation
- Smart Contract Development using Solidity and Rust
- Token creation on ETH, BSC, MATIC, and other EVM chains
- NFT creation on Ethereum, Polygon, Solana, and other chains
- Decentralized exchanges (Pancake swap, Uniswap, etc)
- Yield farms
- Token staking, rewards tracking dashboards
- Cryptocurrency node & master node installation
- Cryptocurrency mining pool installation
- Web3.js, ether.js, usedApp, Wagmi

✨ Chrome extension development & Scrapping
- Have experience in developing Chrome extension which is AI-generated bulk messaging tool for recruiters on LinkedIn using GPT-4 model
- Scrapping expert using Puppeteer, Browserless API, Selenium


✅ As I am a proactive and enthusiastic full stack developer with 4 years of professional experience, I have been providing clients with websites & applications and hybrid mobile applications with a modern design that are running fast and secure.

✅ I focus on simplifying the user experience & interface and delivering a clean and modern design aesthetic that highlights your objectives.
I excel in converting Figma/XD designs into a seamlessly animated landing page using React.js. Besides, I am very familiar with SSR/SSG frameworks such as Next.js and Gatsby which makes the React.js project SEO-friendly.

✅ I develop and maintain fully custom websites and Shopify, including both the front and back end programming, graphic design, UI/UX, responsive web design for both desktop and mobile, database setup and integration, and custom CMS.

Also, I deliver the clean and DRY code which will optimize your project.

✅ I always bring a comprehensive approach to developing your project. I take the time to listen to your goals and needs and then tailor my approach to what is best for your business.

I am ready to contribute to your great idea.

Thank you for your consideration.

Technical Skills:

Front-End
Language: HTML, CSS3/SCSS/LESS, JavaScript, TypeScript
Framework and Libraries:
✅ React/Redux & React Hooks, Angular, Vue
Material UI, Reactstrap, Semantic UI, JSS, Styled Components, TailWind,
AntD
Redux-Saga & Redux-Thunk, Redux-Form
React-Router, React-Helmet, React Charts, D3.js, Immutation
Next.js, Gatsby
React Native

Back-End:
✅ Language: JavaScript, PHP, Node.js
✅ Framework:
Express, Socket.io, Laravel
✅ API
GraphQL, RESTful
✅ Headless CMS
Wordpress, Shopify, Prismic, Stackbit

DataBase Service:
✅ SQL: MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL
✅ NoSQL: MondoDB, Neo4j
FireBase, Sequelize ORM

Mobile App:
Hybrid mobile: React-Native, Flutter

Clouding Service: AWS(EC2, S3, Cognito, Lambda, DynamoDB), FireBase, GCP

Version Control System: GitHub/GitLab, BitBucket



Hello, I'm Amjid, a seasoned professional with over 6 years of experience in the world of web development. I have a strong foundation in a wide range of technologies and a proven track record of delivering high-quality solutions to clients worldwide.

My Skills Are:
Node.js
Vue.js & Nuxt.js
Express.js
Strapi.js
Angular
DB (MSSQL, MySQL, Mongo , Firebase, PG)
WordPress (Customization, theme & Plugin developement)

Why Hire Me:
Proven track record in diverse industries.
Reliable, on-time project delivery.
Collaborative and communicative.
Quality-driven development.
Stay updated with the latest tech trends.

Let's discuss your project and bring your ideas to life.