
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hello,there.
I am an experienced app developer with over 10 years of expertise in mobile app development.
I have worked on many projects before and our expertise includes developing flutter apps for both IOS and Android that work smoothly with all its features
I can start immediately and provide 100% result guarantee.
Trust me.I am not disappoint you.
I look forward to your response.

Warm Regards.
Jonas Keller.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We understand that you are looking for an advanced-skill programmer who is proficient in PHP, JavaScript, and HTML/CSS for a WordPress project. Our team of experienced developers has strong expertise in all level projects, including website design and customization, plugin development, and website modification. We have the necessary skills to help you modify your existing WordPress website: our team has experience in HTML/CSS for website design and customization as well as PHP programming language. Additionally, we have a track record of successful projects that demonstrates our ability to deliver on time and on budget.

We would be delighted to discuss this project further with you. Please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or would like more information about our services or if there is anything we can do to make your project successful!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
✅✅✅
Hello there,
Hope you doing well !!

I am a expert Website Designer/Developer with more than 7 years of experience. I have read your project details and understood that you are looking a simple mobile-first web page built as a proof of concept.

Biggest Congratulation !!
Your requirement is now filled because I am the best fit for this position. I have strong experience and have completed 200+ projects.

I can do this project with my smart work as your needs. If you give me this chance you will be impressed with my work and I assure you'd face no problems in term of communication, timeline and deliverance of high quality work.

Here are some my recent projects.
https://www.madpaws.com.au/ 
https://www.almonature.com/en/
https://www.sudlearning.com.au/ 
https://www.queenlibas.co.uk
https://www.laborsolutionservices.ca 
https://www.exelio.be/exelio 
https://www.cunningfoxes.com 
https://www.citypawcleaner.com 
https://www.mosaicmachines.com 
https://www.lawyerr.nl 
https://www.pressynails.com.au

Let's connect and discuss
I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,
Scott


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

+1 469 793 4030

Hello, Thank you for sharing the details for this project. I completely understand the requirements of this project and will surely help you for this project to help you to get the required results.

With my extensive work history as a full-stack developer for more than 9 years in this industry makes me the perfect candidate for this project.

Let's have a quick call or chat where I can showcase my work in a better way.

Let's connect and discuss your project in more detail.

Best Regards


Hi,client.For me, design has always been a passion - sure, it's cliché, but it is something that has always fascinated me. As such, having the opportunity to work as a writer and editor has been life-changing for me, and has opened up career pathways and opportunities. My love for learning new skills further supports this, and I revel in the challenge of researching and design about topics I've previously not worked on.

I thoroughly enjoy the freedom that freelance design and editing gives me to work at my own pace. My experience in content design, coupled with my knowledge of the English language and ability to switch between styles as needed, make me a versatile writer
capable of producing engaging content for many niches. I specialise in providing content for websites and blogs as well as offering editorial support for documents of all types.



design------------------


Hi Sir, I am a good logo designer and graphic designer, I have worked for many people in the past, which people liked a lot। hello sir i can make a good logo for your company please give me a chance. I hope you trust me and let me do this work I will not let you down, I will design a good logo for you in the least possible time. Thanks dear sir

I am experied graphic designer and well equipped in latest softwares i. e Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator & Coral Draw. Which makes me the best candidate for your project. Please feel free to contact for further discussion. Thanks.



I have been working as a graphics and web designer for the last 8 years. I first learnt to do simple designs and build simple websites, but as the time went by, I became more confident and started making complicated designs and implementing the designs into website, Later I worked in 4 reputed companies and learnt many things.

-convert----

I understand that you are looking for someone who can help you convert Word documents into PDF files and edit the content within the PDF files. I am fully capable of providing the required skills and experience to complete this job. My graphic design skills allow me to create professional and creative content which is ideal for this job. Additionally, my proficiency in converting Word documents to PDF files makes me an ideal candidate for this project. Furthermore I have strong editing skills which will be necessary to make changes within the PDF files as well as add password protection for security purposes.

I believe my profile fits perfectly with what you are looking for and would be the best fit for the job. If you would like more information or want to discuss further please feel free to contact me directly


-powerpoint---

Hi,

I've studied your proposal deeply. It seems that you're looking for a coder who have rich experiences on Presentations, Graphic Design, Brochure Design, Powerpoint and Marketing.
I am checking your attachment, I'll update you shortly...
I've worked with another client in this space, I think you might find it very interesting to have chat.

Regards, Kate

---typing----

Greetings,
I think you're looking for someone who can assist you with retyping a double-sided PDF document. I understand your project description very well. But can we discuss more about your project for kind of more information?
I think I can do this task very effectively and also READY to start this project RIGHT NOW!
So, please take a moment to chat with me.
Sincerely,



Greetings!
Having carefully reviewed the description provided, I am confident in my ability to "Create a visually stunning portfolio website" as per your requirement with 100% job satisfaction.

I kindly suggest initiating a brief conversation to delve deeper into the project details. This will allow us to discuss your specific needs and align them with my capabilities, ensuring a successful outcome for your project.

Hope to see you on my client list. Waiting for your response.

Thank you and regards




7 years experience of Web  development and design
Web development Skills
-Wordpress
-PHP
-Html
-CSS
-Jquery
-Javascript

Website Design Skills
-Photoshop
-Illustrator
-After effect

https://novoresume.com/career-blog/resume-examples
https://www.resumebuilder.com/resume-examples/
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/resume-samples





Hello.
I am a Full Stack Developer with nearly 10 years of development experience.
Although I'm new to Freelancer, that doesn't mean all new Freelancers are pathetic, and if you give me a chance, I'll gladly take it as a golden opportunity and fulfill all your needs.
I am an expert, so I can satisfy all your needs. I also have a lot of experience in these fields, so we can build your project at a high level as quickly as possible. I provide excellent software quality work and provide the best support for your projects and work tirelessly to deliver the best quality website. Give me this job and I will do my best to finish it within your schedule. I am ready to discuss the work now. If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thank you for considering my bid.




xidex78877@chodyi.com
wopaw37391@backva.com
bavag43857@avidapro.com



I'm a Full-Stack developer and UI/UX, designer. I have over 8 years of working experience to design and develop fully functional websites using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript (React), and PHP (Laravel).

I have 5 years of working experience to develop functional WordPress websites using Elementor, Divi Builder, and WPBakery page builder.

What can I do?
1. Fully functional WordPress website design using Elementor.
2. Fully functional WordPress website design using Divi theme.
3. Theme customization.
4. Website speed optimization
5. Payment gateway integration (Stripe, PayPal, Square)
6. Website design with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PHP.
7. Website translation using WPML, Polylang, GTranslate, and TranslatePress.
8. Website management.
9. UI/UX design
10. Figma to Pixel perfect website design (HTML and WordPress)

Why did you hire me?
1. Unlimited revisions
2. Three months of free maintenance service.
3. You will be provided video guidelines to make small changes.
4. Pay me once you are 100% satisfied.

Please hire me if you would love to work with me. Thank you


--------------------------

Hello, everyone,
Thank you for visiting my profile. My name is Scott and I am a software engineer with more than 6 years of experience as a full-stack developer.

Till now I have completed many projects in different fields and have enough experience in my field. In the following I will introduce my main skills:

1-Web application using Asp, Asp.Net Core MVC C#, VueJs, NuxtJs, Angular, NodeJs, jQuery, Html5/ CSS3,Bootstrap4, EF6, PHP 7.

2- MOBILE APPLICATION with Xamarin C#, MAUI Framework.

3- Desktop App: WinForms C#, VB.Net, Windows Services, WCF, UWP...

4- API: Net Web API, Twilio SMS API, Google API, Drive API, Google Sheet API, YouTube API. Trading APIs (MetaTrader API, Interactive Broker API, Crypto Exchange APIs...).

5- DB Management: SQLServer, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQLite, Local DB (SQL queries and scripts, backup automation, profile inspection...).

6- Scrapping app: Scraped websites or desktop apps and saves data in CSV or
Database using Selenium.

7- WordPress CMS website creation and management.

8- Web server management: IIS & Apache

9- Interface C# with C++ libraries.

10- Socket programming communicates with LabView using C#.

11- Using IPFS protocol to read and write data in a decentralized file-sharing system.
12 - Develop Daaps using Solidity, Ganache, Truffle and Web3.Js.
13- any specific requirements I can meet, feel free to hire me to know more about your projects.
-------------------------
Hello, everybody.

This is Scott from Canada, a high-skilled Fullstack developer with skills including ReactJS, VueJS, Angular, Laravel, PHP, Python, Blockchain, JavaScript and so on.

I consider myself the right choice for you because I have the right skills and potential to match your needs as a senior ReactJS developer who has full experience in building pixel-perfect & responsive UI with ReactJS.

As a senior Web developer who has 8 + years of experience in web development, I've built a lot of projects for Dapp, PWA, Admin panels and Web content using ReactJS/JavaScript.

My working area includes implementing pixel-perfect UI with a good sense of design and a keen eye for details of the project, implementing API integration, making functionalities, fixing bugs, TDD, SEO and etc.

I have the skill to execute all visual designs from concept to finalized engineering in a reasonable amount of time.

My well-known skills:

- React/Next/Vue/Gatsby, RoR
- React Native / Android Studio / iOS
- HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, TailwindCSS, MUI.
-Wordpress, Shopify
- JavaScript, ES6, 7, Typescript, Ajax, jQuery, OAuth
- PHP, Laravel, Ruby on Rails, Blockchain
- Node.js, Python, Django, Express, RUST
- MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MongoDB.
- Github, GitLab, Bitbucket, Trello, Jira, AWS

I can start your working immediately and dedicate full time.

Please don't hesitate to contact me if you want a great deal for your business and beautiful life.

Thank you.
Scott Brown.
-----------------------
Hi there! Welcome to my page. I'm a Senior Software Engineer, Reverse Engineer, Security Analyst, Penetration Tester, and an Ethical Hacker.

My technical skills and proficiency include:

¬ Software Application Development: .NET (C#, VB.NET, F#), Python, PHP, Delphi
¬ Web Application Development: ASP.NET, Django, Ror, Laravel, CodeIgniter
¬ Mobile Development: Hybrid and Native using Xamarin, Phonegap, Firemonkey
¬ Reverse Engineering: OllyDbg, IDA Ghidra,, Remnux, Malware analysis, Binary
Reversing, Firmware Reversing
¬ Software Security: Anti-piracy schemes, Anti-cracking, Software protection
¬ Vulnerability Testing: Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing using Kali
Linux, SamuraiWTF, ParrotSecurity, Remnux, Blackarch
¬ Hardware development: Arduino, Raspberry
¬ Data - Web Scraping: Scrapy, Scrapinghub
¬ Database Design: MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, SQLite, NoSQL
¬ System Automation: Macros, AutoIT, Python Script
-------------------------------------------------------------


I am having 10 years of experience in mobile and web development full stack I am working in react native, flutter, react js, node js, MongoDB, laravel, Codeigniter, Blockchain, NFT, Smart contract


BQ.*fkskBAZ8Sk@